(Episode 1)
The photos you are looking at...
are of the murder scene from a townhouse in Sinwol-dong.
There's no sign of forced entry...
or sign of robbery.
At the time of the incident, the victim's clothes were taken off.
The police suspected it to be a case of rape and murder,
and the autopsy result supported their suspicion.
After analyzing the sperm DNA, found in the victim's body,
surprisingly,
it was discovered it belonged to the victim's lover, the defendant.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Counsel, please make your case.
My gosh, isn't that something? Don't you think he's phenomenal?
When I looked over the case file,
partial fingerprints were found on the crime scene.
The analysis of these fingerprints show that they're her neighbor's.
The neighbor had changed light bulbs for the victim,
and they often shared food with each other.
I've acquired other neighbors' statements to support this claim.
The test result shows that the DNA of the sperm,
found in the victim,
does not match with Mr. Park, the owner of these fingerprints.
Your Honor, that's exactly it.
I thought that...
could've been a trap which was misleading us in this case.
Please continue.
Only partial fingerprints of Mr. Park were found on the scene.
What could that mean?
Wouldn't it mean that he was trying to conceal his trace?
If his visit was free of any crime,
logically thinking, it's normal to find his prints all over her place.
On the day of the incident,
the victim was found with her clothes torn.
How will you explain the sperm DNA?
Let me approach this from a different point of view.
According to an expert's opinion,
it's common for sperm to remain inside a body for up to three days.
The defendant's statement that...
he and the victim made love the night before supports this.
The very first part you will taste...
is the gills.
- It's from the inside of the gills. - This is excellent.
- Cheers. - The chewy texture is exceptional.
Give me the money.
My goodness.
Give us the head pieces.
We don't eat this part in Japan. Get it off the table.
They're Koreans after all.
The highlight of the tuna.
Dumb Koreans!
The tears of the tuna...
"Dumb Koreans"?
What?
You stupid Japanese.
He's a cop.
He's a cop!
Darn it!
The problem for this case...
lies in the initial investigation of the police.
The detective got too deep within his own theory...
and disregarded any evidence that didn't align with his theory.
After the ruling of the defendant's first trial,
he left a suicide note that he was wronged...
and committed suicide by hanging himself in the detention center.
(A legal TV show, Return)
If the police were more meticulous in verifying the evidence...
or there was a thorough consultation with an expert,
there wouldn't have been such a questionable verdict.
The family of the deceased Kim Young Geun...
requested a retrial, but it was denied.
What is the criteria for a court to grant a retrial?
The judges' authority?
I believe the law must hold a person's human rights...
and right to live above anything else.
I'd like to ask the viewers as well.
(Return)
Cut! Good work, everyone!
I think this will turn out great.
How many times do I have to say not to put this black chair here?
- It's just a rumor! A rumor! - What?
It's just a rumor.
What rumor?
That once you bite, you never let go.
Then you should know what you should do now.
But if they find out I told you, I'm dead.
Seriously.
- It looks like he didn't see. - Yes, I think so.
Right?
If he saw it, he would've lost it with that temper of his.
She runs a wine bar in Cheongdam-dong.
There's a rumor that he likes her,
and that they lived together.
What's her name?
Ray? Ray...
Is it Ray?
It's Rachel Yum.
Rachel Yum.
(Moving Company)
I hear someone's moving into 302 today.
Tell us what you've heard, Jin Joo.
All I heard...
was that the actress, Jang Ha Young, was turned down.
Jang Ha Young isn't so bad.
No, no.
She became popular only for her pretty face.
I read in the tabloids...
that she's supporting her whole family.
Apparently, everyone in her family is living off her.
Someone like that... That's so beneath us.
Anyway, where is our town house's new resident,
the real new money?
You don't tell her these little jokes, do you?
I'm not that close with her.
- Do you live here? - Yes.
I'm moving into 302 today.
I see.
So where do you live?
In 401.
Gosh, we're neighbors.
Hi.
You must look like your daddy.
Pardon?
She doesn't look like her mom, so she must look like her dad.
Yes.
See you around.
(Gangdong Precinct)
- Spill it. - What?
You keep glancing at me.
The people in the office keep doing the same.
What is it?
You're not blind, so you'll find out eventually anyway.
You've watched the law show on TV called "Return", right?
No. I've only heard of it.
Your story was on it.
(Courthouse)
Are you the person on the show, "Return"?
Yes, it is you.
You look the same.
Do you want an autograph?
Tell me what you want. Go on.
What do you know? Why are you complaining about the police?
The Sinwol-dong case was already decided on by the court!
A person died and left behind a suicide note that he was wronged.
Nothing was wrong with the investigation.
Kim Young Geun didn't have an alibi.
He even had a life insurance policy for his girlfriend.
Naturally, he was the beneficiary.
The victim was paying the premium.
And Kim Young Geun was unaware of it when she took out that policy.
When he found out about it...
and heard he'd get hundreds of thousands of dollars,
he must've had a change of heart.
According to the insurance agent,
Kim Young Geun had requested the policy to be canceled.
He suggested that she should get an annuity insurance instead...
while saying that would be better for her future.
The two dead people dreamed of a future together.
But still, it may have been unintentional.
"Unintentional"?
The cause of death was excessive bleeding from her head wound,
but there were bruises on her neck.
That means...
that he choked her...
and struck her with a blunt object while she was unconscious.
Could that be unintentional?
Why did you ignore the note at the crime scene?
- That's because... - I'm not saying that...
Kim Young Geun is not the killer.
I simply believe that if a man commits suicide...
while screaming out loud that he still wants to prove...
that he didn't kill his girlfriend...
even after his death, we should listen.
Do you have anything else to say?
I can't stand her.
Hello.
I just moved into 302.
It's nice to meet you.
Sure.
Why is she running with her clothes off in this cold?
She's so vulgar.
The owner hasn't been coming in lately.
May I get her personal contact information?
If you tell me what this is about, I'll relay the message.
No need. I'll be back later.
I wonder why a detective came to see me.
Get to work.
I found out what that woman does.
What does she do?
She runs a wine bar in Cheongdam-dong.
Oh, my gosh. A bar?
Yes.
It may be big, but it's still a bar.
What are they thinking? How could they let in a bar owner?
The owner changed his mind,
and decided to rent it out instead of selling it.
That place is just bad luck.
She wouldn't bring men to her house or anything, would she?
- No way. - My goodness.
- We meet again. - Hello.
Who knew there was such a nice place in the town house?
This is nice.
Hello.
May I join you?
Sorry, but as you can see, this seat is taken.
There are plenty of empty seats back there.
Okay. I understand.
Then I'll see you later.
Is she clueless or shameless?
We were being blunt, but she sits close to us.
I know. Do you see what she's wearing?
It was worse this morning.
She must want to prove her identity with her body.
What if she has customers who are foreigners...
and speaks French?
Impossible.
That's right. You don't speak French, do you, Na Ra?
I don't speak French,
but I know you speak French when you badmouth people.
Here's my part of the tab.
Excuse me.
I have some good coffee at home.
Would you like to come over?
I'd love to.
- Just a minute. - Sure.
If you're going to speak so bluntly,
you should've just said you didn't like me, instead of dropping hints.
It's wrong to hide a great body like this.
You must be worried that I'll seduce your husbands,
but don't worry.
I'm not interested in men with no taste in women.
Why don't you come to my place instead? I have some nice tea.
- Okay. - Let's go.
Gosh.
Anyway,
the women here are quite entertaining.
I bet they are livid right now.
I saw you speak French fluently.
I only do a little bit.
- Thank you for rescuing me earlier. - It's okay.
I was the victim of their badmouthing before.
I couldn't speak up for myself since I didn't speak any French.
Isn't that Frida Kahlo's?
What do you think about it?
When this side of the wall is empty,
this painting will definitely capture the room.
Here you go.
It seems like everyone already found out anyway.
They are right. I do run a wine bar.
Do you have any bias against this line of work?
Not at all.
Most women here only spend money without having to work for it.
Living a diligent life is great.
How sweet.
- What? - Your husband is one lucky man.
He has a wife with great moral values...
and a beautiful face.
Thank you for your compliments.
You'd better get a grip!
How could you fail at that?
Tell Director Jo that he's dead tomorrow.
Bye.
My gosh, he's 50 years old.
Tae Suk, did you get it?
What are you talking about?
The invitation for the opening party at Choi Ja Hye's law firm.
Yes, I did.
The managing partner of her firm worked at my dad's legal team.
She has nowhere to turn, so she's trying to sign me as her client.
In Ho probably got his too, right?
Isn't it obvious? Na Ra and Choi Ja Hye trained together.
- Joon Hee, what about you? - Yes?
Yes, I got one too.
If so,
why didn't she send one...
to me?
How is that important?
It feels terrible.
Hey, think about this.
There is a lot of corruption within private foundations.
Think about all the legal problems they must have.
Hey, I'm not going. You can go on my behalf.
Pour me a glass too.
Are you insane? I'm not going.
I won't go!
Here you go. Here.
Welcome.
My goodness. Thank you for coming, Mr. Oh Tae Suk.
Congratulations, Mr. Park.
I heard you are a partner at this law firm.
Well, it's nothing but a title.
I don't have that many shares in this business.
Anyway, I hope you'd help our business.
If you would help us out, we would feel like...
- we got a thousand troops. - Hey.
Sure.
Hello, Na Ra.
How did you get in here?
Are you asking why I came without an invitation?
Come on. What ticked you off, Hak Bum?
Wouldn't you be angry?
How does it make sense? How could she not send me one?
Hey, where is Choi Ja Hye?
I wanted to see that patronizing face of hers.
Ms. Choi, let's go.
I'll be there. Go on.
[VIU Ver] E01 Return "Tell Me What You Want"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
You're not used to wearing heels.
Ja Hye.
It's been ages, hasn't it?
Yes, it's been a while.
I think it's been almost 10 years.
Yes. I haven't seen you since training at the institute.
- Right. - But are you not working at all?
Work?
I'm trying to recruit more attorneys while I expand our office.
I believe this could be a new tune in your life.
I appreciate the offer,
but I'm just a stay-at-home mother.
You are a mother who passed the bar at the age of 21...
with off-the-charts grades from the institute...
and worked at a big law firm for a year.
This way.
Hey, something went in my eye.
- Blow on it. Come on. - Sorry?
No, blow it harder like this. Give it a go.
Why did you do that?
I just think you're cute.
You always wear such boring clothes.
Now, look at you. You look pretty in this outfit.
Anyway, don't you ever speak of this, okay?
- Ja Hye, shouldn't we do something? - Okay? Come downstairs now.
- What could we do? - Come down now.
We can only bring the suit when the victim comes forward...
regarding her displeasure and humiliation.
But still...
My goodness, what is that?
Look who's here. It's the chief director, Kang In Ho.
Gosh, your wife is quite the beauty.
Thank you.
So you said that your wife and Choi Ja Hye studied together...
at the Judicial Research and Training Institute?
Yes, they did.
My goodness, if she studied law,
why did she stop practicing it?
But there's no place better than marrying into a rich family.
Don't you agree?
Seriously?
"Seriously"? I must have offended you.
If I have offended you, I apologize.
- But how did you get here? - I drove here.
I drove an expensive car that you can't afford...
with your stinking yearly salary.
Hey, Hak Bum. That's enough. Stop it.
Why should I stop?
This jerk is trying to start a fight with me.
Who are you?
Who invited you?
I wasn't invited.
Why? What?
Aren't you Professor Kim Hak Bum of Myungsung Foundation?
Do you know me?
I know of your reputation. You are known for your righteousness.
I thought sending you an invitation would only mar your reputation.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
Since it's a happy occasion for Mr. Park,
I think he must have had too many drinks.
It's not that.
He's a very sensible man. I'm sure he will politely apologize to you.
Well, you see...
I'd like to give you my sincerest apology if I've offended you.
My gosh, how embarrassing.
You could have asked Sun Young to look after her for a day.
No, I cannot.
It doesn't matter when she's sleeping,
but she throws a fit when she can't find me in the morning.
Of course.
Were you close with Ms. Choi Ja Hye?
Yes, I was, but it was a long time ago.
She was cool.
I know.
Should I start working again?
No, no.
Everyone has their own place.
And you belong next to me.
It doesn't matter how cool and famous Ms. Choi is.
She can't beat the wife of Taeha Corporation.
Don't get any ideas now.
Isn't that Mi Jung?
Hold on. Stop the car for a second.
Mi Jung, is there something wrong?
Na Ra.
As you can see, I have a lot to carry.
- Let me give you a hand. - No, please don't.
Your arms won't able to lift them. My gosh.
- Yes? - Put your muscles into good use.
Why don't you help?
Hurry.
Why don't you come inside for a moment?
What... What did you say?
I have something to give to Na Ra.
You can give it to her in person tomorrow.
Hold on. I need to give it to her today.
I need your help. So come inside for a second.
Why are you here?
I told you I was going to move here.
You... Have you lost your mind?
The problem isn't whether or not I'm in my right mind.
I told you to call.
I was staring at my phone all day long.
I couldn't do anything because I was waiting for your call!
I told you not to wait because I had a gathering!
Who are you to tell me not to wait?
If I say I'll wait, I'll wait.
And if I tell you to call, you must call!
You were so into me before. Are you sick of me now? Is that it?
Sorry.
I had no choice.
Don't be like that.
Please?
I'm trying to recruit more attorneys while I expand our office.
I believe this could be a new tune in your life.
Everyone has their own place.
And you belong next to me.
You'll come...
to our usual hotel tomorrow, right?
Go, go, go! Let's drink!
What's up?
Hey. My beloved In Ho. Where are you?
We're all hanging out together. Can you come?
I can't go now.
Why not? What are you doing?
It's just getting fun.
Suk and Bum are playing poker right now.
- They're... - Play by yourselves.
They're always the same.
I'll call you later.
He should be with Mi Jung.
He's back together with her?
Didn't they break up just before he got married?
They got back together last year.
Mi Jung moved into our town house.
Jackpot. Does In Ho know?
He should by now.
Does Na Ra know too?
You should use your brain once in a while.
Why? This is interesting.
Love affairs are the most interesting love stories.
Am I wrong?
Okay. Two pairs.
Let's see.
- Hey. You come here. - Straight.
Are you even human?
Your expression never changes.
Poker face. Haven't you heard of it before?
You.
Go. Now. Go.
What's your problem? We aren't objects.
Why are you betting with us? It's annoying...
- What? - I'm sorry.
Seriously.
Hey. Get up.
Did you really have to do that?
Hey. Are you okay?
Use this for the medical bill and buy a bag with the rest.
It's okay.
Hey. Give me that.
I'll take two out. Okay?
Leave it!
I know about teaching kids.
You'll spoil her.
Losers that have nothing don't need much.
Here.
Let's play again.
Let's continue. Go on.
If you want to continue,
let's play for the 36th Young Sook.
Hey. You know the 36th Young Sook...
is my destiny. We're fated to be together.
Whatever. Don't do it then.
Why is it always this hotel?
Didn't you say you don't like penthouses?
When I'm lying in this bed,
I feel like I'm sleeping with four men.
This is the only suite...
that uses the same elevator as the hotel's sky lounge.
You're disgusting.
Leave half an hour later.
Yes, sir. I understand, sir.
What?
Ms. Choi.
We're in trouble.
- Bottoms up! - Bottoms up!
Bottoms up!
Hello there, our honorable attorney. What brings you here?
Did you hear about Sunnam Apparel?
Oh, that.
That?
That... That's...
Look, this isn't the right place to discuss that.
Let's discuss work later at the office.
Let me introduce you.
You know Sing Entertainment Agency...
Sunnam Apparel is a big client for you as well.
It puts our firm in a difficult situation.
Let's talk outside.
I'll be right back.
Why are you so clueless?
Can't you see I'm working?
This isn't only about Sunnam Apparel.
You know that the clients that you're in charge of...
are unstable.
Look. I'm not your associate.
I am very offended...
that I need to listen to this garbage...
during my personal time.
Since I've already impinged on your personal life,
why don't I bring up something a little more uncomfortable?
In addition to our fees,
you improperly received a car, a golf club membership,
and even dermatology treatments for your wife.
These were all gifts for...
Then what about this?
How about...
the sexual harassment of an employee at the party?
Don't bother saying you kissed her...
out of affection like a little sister.
What are you doing?
I'm your partner.
- An equity partner too. - That's why...
I'd like you to pull out your share and your office.
Are you threatening me?
I'm appeasing you to leave voluntarily.
(Lawyer, Park Byung Doo)
(Episode 2 will air shortly.)